hi there he's here guess what Maxie's
coming up Marx and he's got a question
it's not a little question and it's not
a question it's boy Lexi's got a little
good question next here on Nick jr.
hahaha out of a little bit you and into
the big big world its flex a little big
question I wonder if anyone can answer
today's a little big question here it
comes
why do our stomachs growl cuz you're
hungry yeah is that wine yeah there's
not like a little doggie doesn't get my
tummy now No so how does it sound when
your stomach growls Michelle how about
you Madeline the same thing oh yeah
how are you doing you hear that growl in
his stomach I'm your aunt or something
yeah for some food what are you doing
The Fool know what happens yeah Wow
thanks guys oh you know what let's think
of another little bit quest
okay okay yeah we're gonna think of a
question are you still in your thinking
chair there are lots of more clues ahead
will you help me as blues big marathon
continues here on Nick jr. you are good
when you hear that beep it's time to
look for Blue's Clues yeah so join me
you and all their friends on a new
episode of Blue's Clues weekdays at 9:30
8:30 central only on Milton the
adventure you'll want to see again and
again quest for Camelot is coming to
video when you bring home the video you
can get a free stuffed animal with one
proof of purchase plus $4.99 shipping
and handling quest for Camelot ray DG
coming this Tuesday - video let's go on
to the next exhibit no let's go on a
galactic adventure with its battle eyes
Power Rangers fear spacer there's evil
lurking in the craters up ahead welcome
to Blacky Grover's load up the galaxy
gliders and note arranged to tuck moving
imagine where your next space adventure
will take you with the battle eyes Power
Rangers in space and galactic Rovers
it's so separately from Van Dyne look
Koko I know you're excited they put real
chocolate and cocoa krispies me too I
just don't think it's a good topic for a
science project that's all I mean
science deals with complex stuff like
electromagnetic fields but proving kids
like real chocolate come on that's like
asking if kids like snow days new
Kellogg's Cocoa Krispies cereal part of
this complete breakfast is now made with
real chocolate so life's real chocolatey
on the other hand I wouldn't mind doing
the research hey kids slide on under and
do the chicken limbo
chicken in lo the new super limo game
the spinner tells you how to go under
the bar go under without bobbing the
chicken but if you do invite me to your
next party
teacher friends off
teamwork
the teamwork team rose just have fun
anything is possible when makeup Barbie
lipstick Harlan make a Barbie doll comes
with nail stickers and makeup
applicators not included Theresa doleful
severly you want more Blue's Clues now
you can play along with you and our
friends whenever you want because
there's always a booze cruise game on
Nick juniors new website a new game
every week just grab a grown-up and go
to Nick jr. calm the place online that's
just for
hi there face here it's cold it's so
cold I can see my own breath it's so
cold like I think I'm freezing into a
block of ice coming up next it's Blue's
Clues right here on Nick jr. Oh